{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.SELECT * FROM [Categories]\
2. SELECT CategoryID, CategoryName FROM [Categories]\
3. SELECT Address FROM [Suppliers]\
4. SELECT * FROM [Products] order by price desc\
5. SELECT * FROM [Orders] order by CustomerID, ShipperID\
6. SELECT * FROM [Products] where price > 40 order by ProductName desc\
7. SELECT * FROM [Products] where Price between 20 and  50 order by  Unit\
8. SELECT * FROM [Products] where Price between 20 and  50 or CategoryID = 6 \
9.1 \uc0\u1089 \u1087 \u1086 \u1089 \u1086 \u1073  SELECT * FROM [Products] where Price in (46, 53, 55)   \
9.2 \uc0\u1089 \u1087 \u1086 \u1089 \u1086 \u1073  SELECT * FROM [Products] where Price = 46 or Price = 53 or Price = 55\
10. SELECT * FROM [Products] where not Price in (46, 53, 55)\
11. SELECT * FROM Products WHERE ProductName LIKE '%han%'\
12. Insert into shippers (ShipperID, ShipperName, Phone) values (5, "gav", "666")\
13. Insert into shippers (ShipperID, ShipperName) values (5, "gav")\
14. insert into categories (CategoryName, Description) select ShipperName, Phone from shippers\
15. insert into categories (CategoryName, Description) select ShipperName, Phone from shippers where ShipperName like 'Speedy Express'\
16. delete from Shippers WHERE ShipperName like '%Speedy Express%'\
17. delete from products WHERE Price < 50\
18. delete from orders\
19. update categories set Description = 'notBeverages' where CategoryName = 'Beverages'\
20. update products set Price = '0' where ProductName = 'Chais'\
}